it's too what do finger Tuesday suitable
do finger Tuesday what of it's Tuesday
january third 2012 i am Frankie finger
watching an all-new episode finger
skates electives to finger Tuesday
that's right what up guys thanks for
tuning in to the very first FS episode
of 2012 it doesn't really feel like 2012
does it feels more like 2011 and
three-quarter yeah yeah alright I'm
running late which is normal so we
better get right into it do finger
Tuesday episodes info believe it or not
the affliction maze ramp review will be
posted soon so be on the lookout for
that it's gonna be the first review of
2011 and three quarters or 2012 whatever
you want to call it also we had a few
homework in trees over 40 i believe so
thank you to everyone who took the time
to make a homework mini very awesome of
you so every single assignment was off
the hook a pluses all around for sure
but out of all the a-pluses i was able
to pick two people to be on this week's
FSS honor roll both of those people win
an FSS chair and a pack of crown pivot
cups so let's get right into it the
first person to make this week's FSS
honor roll is mike zaboo he had a very
cool assignment with very cool editing
and very weird obstacles like the guitar
it looked very very smooth though so
make sure you check that out the second
person to make this week's FSS honor
roll is sam skates 11 he killed the book
legit a lot of cleaning tricks he made
me want to throw away all my ledges and
rails and just use books yeah yeah so
congratulations to Mike sabaidee and Sam
skates 11 as well as everyone who turned
in homework like I said everyone killed
it and got an A+ so thank you guys for
participating for real alright guys i've
decided since you guys like the homework
so much i've decided to hand out another
surprise homework assignment this week
let's get into it your finger tuesday
homework alright first of all this
assignment is gonna be due by next
tuesday by next tuesday so make sure you
have it in by midnight Monday night
Tuesday morning a lot of people handed
in homework today you gotta have it in
by Tuesday so I have a chance to look at
it so it is what it is make sure you
have it posted by next to
day ok so the assignment for this week
is gonna be all about manuals I love
many tricks as you guys already know so
I'm gonna see what you guys got so for
this week's assignment you're gonna post
a mini mini of all manny tricks try to
be creative you can use weird obstacles
to do manuals on you can make up new
many tricks whatever you want as long as
it's manny fresh shout out to me any
fresh oh yay ok also for next week's to
honor roll students i have a different
price for them each person will win a
pack of crown pivot cups made with real
bling bling and instead of an FSS chair
next week they're gonna win a chris cole
pro street fire hydrant obstacle very
cool to put on your finger board park or
wherever you sesh at and do tricks over
it also comes with a complete tech deck
so pretty off the hook just switching it
up for next week so that's gonna be the
two prizes for next week ground pivot
cups and a pro street hip fire hydrant
so have fun make it Mandy mini and get
your homework turned in by next Tuesday
by next Tuesday alright Omi's you've got
some work to do and I gotta get this
video posted as quick as I can it's like
1130 so yeah running super late make
sure you guys ask a question right down
there for this friday's ask frankie
friday and while you're down there come
in for a shout-out next week's
two-finger tuesday send in your Frank
mail by an emphasis product get up the
francophone you can text or leave a
funny message thank you guys for
watching for real get your homework done
it is what it is thank you guys to get
in again for watching put out their
product I will see you guys sooner than
later